SCRUM 1 (11/11)
We mainly focused on our group meeting for Monday 11/14. We decided our flow of topics for the presentation 
we will be giving and who will be talking about certain topics. We also added tasks to the backlog for error 
handling and loading screens. We also realized that we were not accounting for restock, excess, and  Our final 
topic of discussion was our user feedback surveys and how we were going to use the data we collected to 
improve our product.

SCRUM 2 (11/18)
We started the meeting by updating each other on what tasks we completed since the last meeting. We also talked 
about the feedback left on our grade for the team meeting. We decided we will increase the font size and make 
the color more comfortable to the eyes. Zach mentioned that he will implement loading screens. Ardian and Zach 
discussed the need to merge the google translate branch into the main branch of our project. We decided that we 
will keep our product hosted on Render for the remainder of the sprint.

SCRUM 3 (11/21)
We started by talking about what we have left to do for the remainder of the Sprint. Zach also talked about implementing 
OAuth. Mainly, he discussed that it may be more difficult than initially thought and that it might get in the way during 
development. Zach and Ardian then went over Google Translate and the problems the team is having with implementing it. 
We also discussed how we need to delete branches after theyâ€™ve been merged in the main branch.  We concluded by talking 
about the tasks remaining for the rest of the Sprint and the fact that we might need to push implementing OAuth to Sprint 3.
